Enter your responses inline below and push this file to your private GitHub
repository.


1. Assume I plan to use the friend_overlap function above to quantify the
similarity of two users. E.g., because 344 is larger than 1, I conclude that
Jill Stein and Gary Johnson are more similar than Hillary Clinton and Donald
Trump.

How is this approach misleading? How might you fix it?

similarity of users is based on other attributes too like tweets,their followers 
activity of user all such information that can be collected form twitter.

Another argument that can be made is total number of friends overlap be a very small
fraction of the total number of friends a person has. In this case total followers
DrJillStein 4159----(1)
GovGaryJohnson 3124-(2)
HillaryClinton 748--(3)
realDonaldTrump 42--(4)
so if we are comparing 344/4159:344/3124 & 1/748:1/42 are very diffrent.



2. Looking at the output of your followed_by_hillary_and_donald function, why
do you think this user is followed by both Hilary Clinton and Donald Trump,
who are rivals? Do some web searches to see if you can find out more
information.

MagicJohnson
Earvin "Magic" Johnson Jr. is an American retired professional basketball 
player who played point guard for the Los Angeles Lakers of the National 
Basketball Association for 13 seasons.
It seems he is good friends with both in particular with hilary clinton.








3. There is a big difference in how many accounts each candidate follows (Gary
Johnson follows over 3K accounts, while Donald Trump follows less than
50). Why do you think this is? How might that affect our analysis?

The number and people one follows on twitter depends on the person. The excat 
resons in this case might be understood with more data about candidates tweets & 
candidates themselves.
More data is needed on Trump , weather to determine he is a active users of twitter.
if legit our analysis is closer to reality.



4. The follower graph we've collected is incomplete. To expand it, we would
have to also collect the list of accounts followed by each of the
friends. That is, for each user X that Donald Trump follows, we would have to
also collect all the users that X follows. Assuming we again use the API call
https://dev.twitter.com/rest/reference/get/friends/ids, how many requests will
we have to make? Given how Twitter does rate limiting
(https://dev.twitter.com/rest/public/rate-limiting), approximately how many
minutes will it take to collect this data?

total nuber of friends for our candidates is 8068(7691 excluding the overlap).
 
we have make a request for each for friend. 
we can currently make 15 requests per 15 min window per 1 one user(to be precise per access token).
for one one access toke it would take 7691/15 aprox. 500 min. 
